Add note about FQDN when creating a record (#212)
dnsimple/dnsimple-developer: content/v2/zones/records.markdown

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------

> `name` | `string` | **Required**. Your domain will be appended. Use an empty string to create a record for the apex. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`name` | `string` | **Required**. The record name, without the domain. The domain will be automatically appended. Use an empty string to create a record for the apex. 
```
